README.md, before:

# icc-dev
Contains MATLAB simulation and optimization code for spacecraft orbiting small Solar System Bodies.
___
## Quickstart
The examples folder contains example _main_ scripts, which demonstrate usage of the provided modules. The scripts should be executed from within this folder.

Make sure to set the environment variable `SBDT_PATH` to the path to the SBDT folder. On UNIX systems, add the line `export SBDT_PATH="path/to/your/SBDT"` to `~/.bashrc` or equivalent.
___
## Modules 
### small_body_dynamics
Integrators to simulate the orbital dynamics of a spacecraft in orbit around a small body.

### network_flow_communication_optimizer
Optimize the communication flows between spacecraft, given a set of orbits, data production, and a communication model.

### relay_orbit_optimizer
Optimize the orbit of relay spacecraft, given the orbits of science spacecraft, their data production, and the orbit of the carrier.

### observed_points_optimizer
Optimize the observation of spacecraft, given the orbits of science spacecraft.

### monte_carlo_coverage_optimizer
Runs a monte carlo to select spacecraft orbits. Calls the observed points optimizer to calculate the coverage reward of each trial orbit set. 

### utilities
Common utilities and supporting functions for icc simulation and analysis.

### media
Various media.

### Structure of Optimization Modules: 
The optimizer modules are composed of a _main_ function (is called outside the module) and several supporting functions which should only be called from within the module. Functions supporting multiple modules are placed in _utilities_.

___ 
## Interfaces
The system is defined through two special classes, which serve as the primary interfaces (inputs and outputs) between the modules. 
1. _SpacecraftSwarm_: Defines the swarm of spacecraft. 
2. _SphericalHarmonicsGravityIntegrator_SBDT_: Defines the small body that the spacecraft orbit around and integrates trajectories using JPL's Small Body Dynamics Integrator (SBDT). 

See the _examples_ directory for usage examples. 
___

## Dependencies
- [CVX](http://cvxr.com/cvx/). The academic version with the Mosek solver is highly recommended.
> **WARNING**: The communication optimization problem is known to falsely return infeasible with the SDPT3 solver. please use Mosek (if available) or SeDuMi.
- JPL's [Small Body Dynamics Toolkit (SBDT)](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/Conferences/2015_AAS_SBDT.pdf). SBDT is not open-source. A license can be requested from [download.jpl.nasa.gov](download.jpl.nasa.gov) mentioning NTR-49005. 
- NASA's [SPICE](https://naif.jpl.nasa.gov/naif/aboutspice.html) MATLAB toolkit (MICE), available at [this link](https://naif.jpl.nasa.gov/naif/toolkit_MATLAB.html).

___
### Troubleshooting SBDT
SBDT is typically distributed as a `.zip` file. The archive contains tests in the `Tests` folder and examples in the `Demos` folder.

Core SBDT functions are implemented in C and must be compiled to MATLAB _mex_ files to enable MATLAB to call them. The SBDT distribution contains pre-compiled MEX files for Windows, MacOS, and Linux inside the folder `CompiledMEX`.
If you encounter issues trying to run SBDT, it may be advisable to recompile the MEX files from scratch. To do this,
- Navigate to the SBDT root folder.
- In MATLAB, run `compileMexSBDT()`. A number of files will be generated in the folder. The file extension is `mexw64` on Windows, `mexa64` on Linux, and `mexmaci64` on MacOS. 
- Copy the newly generated mex files to the CompiledMEX folder, overwriting the previous ones.

Commit message:

Fix: startup.m was not called, resulting in a less sane default for SBDT_PATH. Updated SBDT_PATH with saner defaults, and updated README accordingly.

README.md, after:

# icc-dev
Contains MATLAB simulation and optimization code for spacecraft orbiting small Solar System Bodies.
___
## Quickstart
The examples folder contains example _main_ scripts, which demonstrate usage of the provided modules. The scripts should be executed from within this folder.

Make sure to set the environment variable `SBDT_PATH` to the path to the SBDT folder. On UNIX systems, add the line `export SBDT_PATH="path/to/your/SBDT"` to `~/.bashrc` or equivalent.
___
## Modules 
### small_body_dynamics
Integrators to simulate the orbital dynamics of a spacecraft in orbit around a small body.

### network_flow_communication_optimizer
Optimize the communication flows between spacecraft, given a set of orbits, data production, and a communication model.

### relay_orbit_optimizer
Optimize the orbit of relay spacecraft, given the orbits of science spacecraft, their data production, and the orbit of the carrier.

### observed_points_optimizer
Optimize the observation of spacecraft, given the orbits of science spacecraft.

### monte_carlo_coverage_optimizer
Runs a monte carlo to select spacecraft orbits. Calls the observed points optimizer to calculate the coverage reward of each trial orbit set. 

### utilities
Common utilities and supporting functions for icc simulation and analysis.

### media
Various media.

### Structure of Optimization Modules: 
The optimizer modules are composed of a _main_ function (is called outside the module) and several supporting functions which should only be called from within the module. Functions supporting multiple modules are placed in _utilities_.

___ 
## Interfaces
The system is defined through two special classes, which serve as the primary interfaces (inputs and outputs) between the modules. 
1. _SpacecraftSwarm_: Defines the swarm of spacecraft. 
2. _SphericalHarmonicsGravityIntegrator_SBDT_: Defines the small body that the spacecraft orbit around and integrates trajectories using JPL's Small Body Dynamics Integrator (SBDT). 

See the _examples_ directory for usage examples. 
___

## Dependencies
- [CVX](http://cvxr.com/cvx/). The academic version with the Mosek solver is highly recommended.
> **WARNING**: The communication optimization problem is known to falsely return infeasible with the SDPT3 solver. please use Mosek (if available) or SeDuMi.
- JPL's [Small Body Dynamics Toolkit (SBDT)](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/Conferences/2015_AAS_SBDT.pdf). SBDT is not open-source. A license can be requested from [download.jpl.nasa.gov](download.jpl.nasa.gov) mentioning NTR-49005. 
> **WARNING**: Make sure to set the environment variable `SBDT_PATH` to point to the location of the SBDT folder: `export SBDT_PATH="path/to'SBDT"`. You may want to add this line to your .bashrc or .zshrc.
- NASA's [SPICE](https://naif.jpl.nasa.gov/naif/aboutspice.html) MATLAB toolkit (MICE), available at [this link](https://naif.jpl.nasa.gov/naif/toolkit_MATLAB.html).

___
### Troubleshooting SBDT
SBDT is typically distributed as a `.zip` file. The archive contains tests in the `Tests` folder and examples in the `Demos` folder.

Core SBDT functions are implemented in C and must be compiled to MATLAB _mex_ files to enable MATLAB to call them. The SBDT distribution contains pre-compiled MEX files for Windows, MacOS, and Linux inside the folder `CompiledMEX`.
If you encounter issues trying to run SBDT, it may be advisable to recompile the MEX files from scratch. To do this,
- Navigate to the SBDT root folder.
- In MATLAB, run `compileMexSBDT()`. A number of files will be generated in the folder. The file extension is `mexw64` on Windows, `mexa64` on Linux, and `mexmaci64` on MacOS. 
- Copy the newly generated mex files to the CompiledMEX folder, overwriting the previous ones.
